{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dear Hiring Manager,\
\
I am very interested in your job posting and would like to learn more about this great opportunity. I am an accomplished Financial/Business Analyst with over 11 years of experience in collecting, monitoring, and studying complex data.\
\
I graduated from Clark Atlanta University with a bachelor\'92s degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Finance. As a student, I gained the necessary knowledge that is required to perform this particular job.\
\
I have worked as a Financial Analyst, Procurement Analyst, and Business Analyst with highly reputable corporations such as AT&T and LeasePlan USA. Specifically, the 2.5 years spent at LeasePlan USA allowed me to gain experience working directly with international companies and major corporations.\
\
Thank you for reviewing my resume. I am very excited to have this opportunity to address you. I know that our face-to-face interview will be a joy for us both. I have enclosed a copy of my resume for your review. I have what it takes to add value to the organization.\
\
I am available for interview at any time. Please do not hesitate to call me. I look forward to your response.\
\
Sincerely,\
\
Mark Anthony Russell, B.A. Senior Financial/Business Analyst\
\
I am highly motivated and ready to get started working. My skill set matches perfectly with what you are seeking. \
\
}